Created create-streamline entry with examples and images of the output (#6161)
Codecademy/docs: content/plotly/concepts/figure-factory/terms/create-streamline/create-streamline.md

---
Title: '.create_streamline()' 

> Description: 'Generates a streamline plot to visuallize flow behavior given certain attributes.' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Generates a streamline plot to visualize flow behavior in a vector field using specified attributes.' 
```

Subjects: 
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Data Visualization'
Tags: 
  - 'Graphs'
  - 'NumPy'
  - 'Plotly'
  - 'Python'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.create_streamline()`** function is part of Plotly's [`figure_factory`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/plotly/figure-factory) module.
> 
> It generates **streamline** plots by using x-axis delimiter and y-axis delimiters along with **Horizontal Velocity** and **Vertical Velocity**, allowing for a clear visualization of flow behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.create_streamline()`** function is part of Plotly's [`figure_factory`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/plotly/figure-factory) module. It generates streamline plots using x and y coordinates along with horizontal velocity and vertical velocity, providing a clear visualization of flow behavior in a vector field.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo

> fig = figure_factory.create_streamline(x, y, u, v, kwargs ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fig = figure_factory.create_streamline(x, y, u, v, **kwargs ...)
```

```

- `x`: A one-dimensional, evenly spaced array representing the positions along the x-axis (the horizontal delimiter).
- `y`: A one-dimensional, evenly spaced array representing the positions along the y-axis (the vertical delimiter).
- `u`: Horizontal component of the velocity vector, describing the horizontal velocity of the flow's at each grid point.
- `v`: Vertical component of the velocity vector, describing the vertical velocity of the flow's at each grid point.
- `kwargs`: Optional argument passed through `plotly.graph_objects.Scatter` for further customization.

> > **Note**: The ellipsis (...) in the syntax represents several optional parameters, which are automatically set to their default values, such as `density=1`, `angle=pi/9`, `arrow_scale=.09`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: The ellipsis (`...`) in the syntax indicates the presence of optional parameters that are set to their default values unless specified. These include parameters such as `density=1`, `angle=pi/9`, and `arrow_scale=0.09`.
```

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example 1
```

> This is a basic streamline plot that generates a figure representing the flow without additional keyword arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, a streamline plot visualizes a vector field using grid points and velocity components with default settings:
```

```py

> import numpy as np
> import plotly.figure_factory as ff
> import plotly.offline as pyo
> 
> # Generate evenly spaced points in the y and x axes.
> x = np.linspace(-3, 3, 2) # x axis
> y = np.linspace(-3, 3, 2) # y axis
> 
> # Create 2D arrays for the grid coordinates.
> X, Y = np.meshgrid(x, y)
> 
> # Define the horizontal and vertical velocity components.
> u = Y**2 - 1
> v = X
> 
> # Create the streamline figure data.
> streamline_data = ff.create_streamline(x, y, u, v)
> 
> # Create and display the figure.
> fig = streamline_data.show()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import numpy as np
import plotly.figure_factory as ff
import plotly.offline as pyo

# Generate evenly spaced grid points for x and y.
x = np.linspace(-3, 3, 10)  
y = np.linspace(-3, 3, 10)  

# Generate a grid of coordinates for vector field calculation.
X, Y = np.meshgrid(x, y)

# Define the horizontal and vertical velocity components.
u = Y**2 - 1  # Horizontal velocity component
v = X         # Vertical velocity component

# Create the streamline figure.
streamline_fig = ff.create_streamline(x, y, u, v)

# Display the figure.
streamline_fig.show()
```

Reviewer: added a few comments

```
The resulting output looks as follows:

![A streamline plot showing the flow of a vector field with evenly spaced grid points.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/streamline-example.png)

> This is a basic streamline plot that generates a streamline figure representing the wind with the line-color being red.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example 2

In this example, a streamline plot visualizes a vector field with red streamlines, using evenly spaced grid points and velocity components:
```
